her friend solutions kitchen after
success of cilia chopsticks today on
request of many of you guys I am making
soya chopstick with a curry very simple
very easy and your guests or everyone in
your house is going to love it so let's
get started and see the curry
ingredients so here we go with the
ingredients this is soya chunks I'm
using this neutralized so I have many
chance I soak this in the water for
around 1 hour and then squeeze the
excess water out of it around 4 pieces
of bread I have made bread crumbs
freshly with bread crumbs out of it then
some ginger some garlic around 3 cloves
of garlic I am using an egg
make sure to use a fresh garlic in it it
really adds a flavor to the dish some
chaat masala around it table spoon of
chaat masala some garam masala some red
chilli powder some salt then here is the
stick ice cream sticks or lollipop stick
whatever you want to say I'm using this
then around 2 tablespoon of corn starch
so let's get started
first we will make a paste out of soya
and we will just put everything in a
food processor so in a food processor
goes the soya chunks bread crumbs ginger
garlic salt according to taste I am
using around 1/2 TSP of salt in it some
garam masala pinch of garam masala some
red chilli powder a pinch of red chilli
powder you can add green chillies also
add to it I'm just avoiding it because
mica don't hate it and some chaat masala
chaat masala I'm using a around a
tablespoon it's your wish if you like
more you can add more with some water in
it just close the lid and we will just
give it a purse and make it face out of
it so here it goes
so wasn't it easy just dump everything
into a mixer grinder and grind it I'm
just adding a rocket tablespoon of
cornstarch into it why so why we add
cornstarch because it helps in binding
and now our mixture is ready so take
this into a palm see and if you feel
there is a lot of moisture into it you
know just add more contre to it but try
to make it more natural don't add too
much corn flour or too much bread bread
crumbs into it so just put this into a
steak just bind it well it is ready see
I have put this in a steak and this is
without steak if you don't have steak
just avoid it and make it like that
here it goes if you want to deep-fry it
you can deep-fry it but I really avoid
deep frying so just turn the sides it
will just take two to three minutes look
at the color so we are gonna cook this
between medium to high heat for around
five to six minutes and it's almost done
now and make sure to cook it from all
the sides so these two sides are done
I'm just gonna keep this way so that
it's cooked from all the edges so isn't
it looking beautiful
I assure you guys you are gonna love it
and it's almost done now it took me
around five to seven minutes to cook it
from all the sides so here is my soil
chopsticks ready so now we are gonna
prepare curry for curry we need minced
garlic around 1/2 teaspoon of minced
garlic around 1/2 teaspoon of ginger
paste if you have ginger-garlic paste
you can add that if you don't have it
just add ginger and garlic around 1
medium sized onion finely chopped I'm
using this crushed tomatoes 1/2 tanh of
this crushed tomatoes if you don't have
crushed tomatoes you can use fresh
tomatoes just pure 8yv puree
- faster in the process and then some
Demi can pace to get that tangy flavor
around two tablespoon of brown sugar to
get the sweet flavor if you don't have
brown sugar just keep it at some sugar
normal sugar to it or if you have
jaggery of course go for it
you will get that really sweet good
flavor an egg some salt according to
your taste some garam masala some red
chilli powder around a tablespoon of
coriander powder around tablespoon of
cumin powder and green chillies on the
top so let's get started we will make a
gravy so the oil is heated up over here
in the pan I have used around 2 tbsp of
oil here goes garlic my onions are
cooked well here here goes but on half
can of tomato queries so 1/2 gain is
around 7 ounces of tomato puree so it
would be around 3 tomatoes medium sized
tomatoes so I'm just gonna add some
spices to it
there goes a teaspoon of salt 1/2
teaspoon of garam masala a pinch of red
chilli you can adjust red chilli
according to your taste some coriander
powder and some cumin powder so just mix
everything well and I'll just cover this
with a lid and let it cook for another
10 minutes
so my masala is almost done now I'm just
gonna add some water around 1/2 cup of
water 2 tbsp of brown sugar and around
1/2 TSP of chemi-con paste to it I'll
let it cook for another 2 minutes and
our so a chopped gravy it's done so I'm
just gonna turn off the heat and now we
are gonna pour this on our chops so your
chopsticks so see he had this beautiful
dish is ready and try out this recipe I
assure you guys this is one of the
yummiest recipes you will have leave me
comments leave me suggestions don't
forget hit the like button subscribe on
our channel for more innovative easy and
delicious recipes we have thank you so
much for watching bye bye